                                                                                                    
                                                                                                         Module (CSS and CSS 3) -2

1. What are the benefits of using CSS?
:- .Better Website Speed. For a website to function efficiently, it should have a faster load time. ....Easier to Maintain. 
:-CSS is easy to maintain due to less maintenance time. ...
:-Consistent Design. ...
:-Time-Saving. ...
:-Better Device Compatibility. ...
:-Positioning of Design Elements.

2. What are the disadvantages of CSS?
:-CSS, CSS 1 up to CSS3, result in creating of confusion among web browsers.
:-With CSS, what works with one browser might not always work with another. ...
:-There exists a scarcity of security.
:-After making the changes we need to confirm the compatibility if they appear.
 
3.What is the difference between CSS2 and CSS3? 
:-Unlike CSS2, which was comprised of a single document, CSS3 has its specifications divided into many individual modules, which makes CSS3 a whole lot easier to handle.

4. Name a few CSS style components 
:-Selecter:HTML element name, id name, class name.
:-Property:It's like an attribute such as background color,font-size,position,text-align,color,border etc.
:-Values:which defines property or values allocate for properties.

5.What do you understand by CSS opacity? 
:-Opacity is the degree to which content behind an element is hidden, and is the opposite of transparency.08-May-2022
:-Applies to: all elements
:-Computed value: The same as the specified v...
:-Inherited: no
:-Animation type: by computed value type

6.How can the background color of an element be changed? 
:-Add a CSS class to the div you'd like to change. First, find the div in your HTML code and add a class to the opening tag. ...
:-Add the new class selector to your CSS code. Next, head over to your CSS code and add your new class selector. ...
:-Choose a new background color.

7. How can image repetition of the backup be controlled?
:-use the background-repeat property.

8.What is the use of the background-position property? 
:-sets the starting position of a background image. 
:-Default value: 0% 0%
:-JavaScript syntax: object.style.backgroundPos...
:-Inherited: no

9.Which property controls the image scroll in the background? 
:-background-attachment property

10.Why should background and color be used as separate properties? 
:- It enhances the legibility of style sheets.

11.How to center block elements using CSS1? 
:-use margin: auto

12.How to maintain the CSS specifications? 
:-World Wide Web Consortium (W3C)

13.What are the ways to integrate CSS as a web page? 
:-The 3 ways to insert CSS into your web pages
1.With an external file that you link to in your web page: ...
2.By creating a CSS block in the web page itself; typically inserted at the top of the web page in between the <head> and </head> tags: ...
3.By inserting the CSS code right on the tag itself:

14.What is embedded style sheets?
:-Embedded style sheets allow you to define styles for the whole HTML document in one place. 

15.What are the external style sheets? 
:-An external style sheet is a separate CSS file that can be accessed by creating a link within the head section of the webpage.

16.What are the advantages and disadvantages of using external style sheets? 
:-you can control the look and feel of several documents at once.

17.What is the meaning of the CSS selector? 
:-It is a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML elements should be selected to have the CSS property values inside the rule applied to them

18.What are the media types allowed by CSS?
:-CSS 2.1 defines the following media groups:
:-continuous or paged.
:-visual, audio, speech, or tactile.
:-grid (for character grid devices), or bitmap.
:-interactive (for devices that allow user interaction), or static (for those that do not).
:-all (includes all media types)

 19.What is the rule set? 
:-the set of rules agreed for a contest, esp in martial arts.

20.Create Layouts 
:-open in file-
                   css assignment.html
                                &
                 css assignment.css