
                                                                      Web Designing Assignment
                                                                                        Term-1
                                                                                 odule (HTML) -1


      1.  Are the HTML tags and elements the same thing?
      :- in common usage the terms HTML element and HTML tag are interchangeable

     2. What are tags and attributes in HTML? 
     :- HTML tags are used to hold the HTML element. HTML element holds the content. HTML attributes are used to describe the characteristic of an HTML element in detail.

     3.What are void elements in HTML? 
     :-A void element is an element whose content model never allows it to have contents under any circumstances.

    4. What are HTML Entities? 
    :-  An HTML entity is a piece of text ("string") that begins with an ampersand ( & ) and ends with a semicolon ( ; ) .  

  5. What are different types of lists in HTML? 
  :- There are three list types in HTML:
   -unordered list — used to group a set of related items in no particular order.
   -ordered list — used to group a set of related items in a specific order.
   -description list — used to display name/value pairs such as terms and definitions.

 6.What is the ‘class’ attribute in HTML? 
 :- The class global attribute is a space-separated list of the case-sensitive classes of the element. 

 7. What is the difference between the ‘id’ attribute and the ‘class’ attribute of HTML 
     elements? 
 :- Difference between id and class attribute: The only difference between them is that “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements.

 8. What are the various formatting tags in HTML? 
 :-HTML Formatting Elements
  - <b> - Bold text.
  - <strong> - Important text.
  - <i> - Italic text.
  - <em> - Emphasized text.
  - <mark> - Marked text.
  - <small> - Smaller text.
  - <del> - Deleted text.
  - <ins> - Inserted text.

9. How is Cell Padding different from Cell Spacing? 
 :- Cellpadding basically defines the space present between a table cell's border and the content present in it. Cellspacing basically defines the space present between individual adjacent cells.

10. How can we club two or more rows or columns into a single row or column in an 
     HTML table? 
:- You can merge two or more table cells in a column using the colspan attribute in a <td> HTML tag (table data)

 11.What is the difference between a block-level element and an inline element? 
  :- Block Elements occupy the full width irrespective of their sufficiency. Inline elements don't start in a new line.

12. How to create a Hyperlink in HTML? :-
  :- To make a hyperlink in an HTML page, use the <a> and </a> tags, which are the tags used to define the links.

13. What is the use of an iframe tag? 
 :- The <iframe> tag specifies an inline frame. 

14. What is the use of a span tag? Explain with example? 
  :- The <span> tag is an inline container used to mark up a part of a text, or a part of a document.

15. How to insert a picture into a background image of a web page?  
  :- To set the background image of a webpage, use the CSS style. Under the CSS <style> tag, add the property background-image. 

16.How are active links different from normal links? 
  :- Those that don't have a mouse cursor over that link is considered a normal link.

17.What are the different tags to separate sections of text? 
  :- There are three tags that can be used to separate the texts:
   - <br> tag – Usually <br> tag is used to separate the line of text. It breaks the current line and conveys the flow to the next line.
   - <p> tag – This contains the text in the form of a new paragraph.   
   - <blockquote> tag – It is used to define a large quoted section.

18. What is SVG? 
 :- SVG stands for Scalable Vector Graphics
 :- SVG is used to define vector-based graphics for the Web

19. What is difference between HTML and XHTML? 
 :- HTML is SGML-based while XHTML is XML-based. They are like two sides of the same coin.

20. What are logical and physical tags in HTML
  :- Logical tags describe the behaviour, nature of content for the text enclosed inside the tag. They represent the function of text on the page. Physical tags are used to decide the appearance of the text and do not provide any information about the text.